README.md, before:

Bible for Android
=================

**100% Free, Open-Source, Quick and Friendly Bible App.**

Get in on Google Play: <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sabda.alkitab">Alkitab</a> (Indonesian) or <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sabda.online">Quick Bible</a> (English)

- <a href="http://www.bibleforandroid.com">Official Website</a>
- <a href="http://blog.bibleforandroid.com">Development Blog</a>
- <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/bibleforandroid">Discussion Group</a>

Bible translations/versions
---------------------------

This app natively uses *.yes* files for the Bible text. You can create a *.yes* file easily by preparing a plain text file. <a href="http://goo.gl/QEw0j">See instructions</a>.

You can also convert PalmBible+ PDB files using the built-in converter in the app or use the <a href="http://pdb2yes.alkitab-host.appspot.com/">pdb2yes online converter</a> 
that produces compressed YES files.

Integration with other apps
---------------------------

If you build an app that refers to the Bible, you can let the user read the Bible either in this app or in your app.
An Android library project `AlkitabIntegration` is available that you can include in your project. Your app can easily 
open this Bible app at a specified verse or get verses from this Bible app and display them in your app.

If you need help integrating it, please contact me.

Building
--------

You'll need `http://code.google.com/p/yuku-android-util/` cloned to a directory in the same level
as this repo's cloned directory. So you will have `yuku-android-util` and `androidbible` side-by-side.

The `v3` branch is the currently stable version, version 3.x.x. `develop` branch contains the latest updates.
Note: please use the `studio` branch for `yuku-android-util`.

By the way, Alkitab is the Indonesian word for Bible.

License
--------

    Copyright 2009-2015 The Alkitab Authors.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update README.md: no need for yuku-android-util any more.

README.md, after:

Bible for Android
=================

**100% Free, Open-Source, Quick and Friendly Bible App.**

Get in on Google Play: <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sabda.alkitab">Alkitab</a> (Indonesian) or <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sabda.online">Quick Bible</a> (English)

- <a href="http://www.bibleforandroid.com">Official Website</a>
- <a href="http://blog.bibleforandroid.com">Development Blog</a>
- <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/bibleforandroid">Discussion Group</a>

By the way, Alkitab is the Indonesian word for Bible.

Bible translations/versions
---------------------------

This app natively uses *.yes* files for the Bible text. You can create a *.yes* file easily by preparing a plain text file. <a href="http://goo.gl/QEw0j">See instructions</a>.

You can also convert PalmBible+ PDB files using the built-in converter in the app or use the <a href="http://pdb2yes.alkitab-host.appspot.com/">pdb2yes online converter</a> 
that produces compressed YES files.

Integration with other apps
---------------------------

If you build an app that refers to the Bible, you can let the user read the Bible either in this app or in your app.
An Android library project `AlkitabIntegration` is available that you can include in your project. Your app can easily 
open this Bible app at a specified verse or get verses from this Bible app and display them in your app.

If you need help integrating it, please contact me.

Building
--------

The `v3` branch is the currently stable version, version 3.x.x. `develop` branch contains the latest updates.
You need gradle or Android Studio to build it. In Android Studio, you can just open the root directory
of this repository and it will instantly be recognized as a project.

License
--------

    Copyright 2009-2015 The Alkitab Authors.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
